it's a steel pole pruner it's a Japanese
made and I have it extended on its full
length which is 20 feet long it has
interchangeable heads on it so you can
use a small rope and scissor attachment
force cutting things that are you know
up to maybe a half-inch thick this is
the Sabre head
that's for cutting your larger limbs
that are out of your reach with the
chainsaw pole pruner which goes out to
about 11 feet click an idea how long it
is like whop in the air you can see so
I'm on the end of this now take a look
back it's a gym it will reach up and
clean off anything you want to clear up
your skyline all those pieces that
you've been wanting to put off cutting
this is it once you get into it
convex shape don't cut too much off at
what will bend the breath plane have
problems working then
closing it down is a simple that's
releasing your class pushing a button